https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatient]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/Patient -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasAdministrativeGender]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#AdministrativeGender
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatient]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/Patient -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasBirthDate]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#BirthDate
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatient]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/Patient -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasDrugAdministrationEvent]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DrugAdministrationEvent
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatient]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/Patient -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasDrugPrescription]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DrugPrescription
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatient]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/Patient -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasMeasurement]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatient]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/Patient -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatientIdentifier]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/PatientIdentifier
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatient]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/Patient -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasProcedure]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Procedure
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatient]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/Patient -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasSubjectName]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/SubjectName
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatient]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/Patient -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasAdress]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatient]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/Patient -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasBirthDateTime]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#dateTime
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatient]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/Patient -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasIdentifier]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatient]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/Patient
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasAdministrativeCase]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#AdministrativeCase
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasBodySite]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#BodySite
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Terminology
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataDetermination]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataDetermination
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataFile]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataFile
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataProviderInstitute]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataProviderInstitute
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasLabTest]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#LabTest
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasMeasurementMethod]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#MeasurementMethod
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasMedicalDevice]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#MedicalDevice
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasQualitativeResultCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasQualitativeResultCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Terminology
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasQuantity]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Quantity
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasReferenceRange]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ReferenceRange
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasSample]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Sample
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasSubjectPseudoIdentifier]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#SubjectPseudoIdentifier
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDateTime]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#dateTime
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasFreeText]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasMeasurementDateTime]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#dateTime
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/interprets]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Measurement -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasQualitativeResult]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasAdministrativeCase]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#AdministrativeCase -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatient]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/Patient
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasAdministrativeCase]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#AdministrativeCase -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCareHandling]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#CareHandling
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasAdministrativeCase]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#AdministrativeCase -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataFile]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataFile
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasAdministrativeCase]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#AdministrativeCase -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataProviderInstitute]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataProviderInstitute
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasAdministrativeCase]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#AdministrativeCase -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDischargeLocation]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Location
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasAdministrativeCase]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#AdministrativeCase -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasLocation]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Location
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasAdministrativeCase]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#AdministrativeCase -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasOriginLocation]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Location
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasAdministrativeCase]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#AdministrativeCase -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasSubjectPseudoIdentifier]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#SubjectPseudoIdentifier
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasAdministrativeCase]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#AdministrativeCase -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasAdmissionDateTime]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#dateTime
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasAdministrativeCase]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#AdministrativeCase -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDateTime]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#dateTime
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasAdministrativeCase]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#AdministrativeCase -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDischargeDateTime]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#dateTime
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasAdministrativeCase]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#AdministrativeCase -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasIdentifier]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasBodySite]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#BodySite -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasBodySite]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#BodySite -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Terminology
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasBodySite]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#BodySite -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasLaterality]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Laterality
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasBodySite]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#BodySite -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasFreeText]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCodingSystemAndVersion]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasIdentifier]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasName]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataFile]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataFile -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/hasPatient]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/AIDAVA/Patient
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataFile]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataFile -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataFile]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataFile -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Terminology
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataFile]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataFile -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataProviderInstitute]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataProviderInstitute
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataFile]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataFile -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasFormatCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataFile]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataFile -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasFormatCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Terminology
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataFile]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataFile -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasSubjectPseudoIdentifier]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#SubjectPseudoIdentifier
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataFile]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataFile -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasIdentifier]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataFile]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataFile -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasName]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataFile]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataFile -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasUniformResourceIdentifier]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataProviderInstitute]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataProviderInstitute -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataProviderInstitute]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataProviderInstitute -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Terminology
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataProviderInstitute]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataProviderInstitute -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasName]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasRelativeTemporalityCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCodingSystemAndVersion]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasRelativeTemporalityCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasIdentifier]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasRelativeTemporalityCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasName]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasStatusCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasCodingSystemAndVersion]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasStatusCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasIdentifier]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasStatusCode]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#Code -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasName]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasSubjectPseudoIdentifier]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#SubjectPseudoIdentifier -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasDataProviderInstitute]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#DataProviderInstitute
https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#ProblemCondition -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasSubjectPseudoIdentifier]-> https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#SubjectPseudoIdentifier -[https://biomedit.ch/rdf/sphn-ontology/sphn#hasIdentifier]-> http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema#string
